This assignment counts as a 30-point Major Assessment.

1. Request that the user type in at least 15 words in the html form. Ask for the
   words by part of speech (noun, verb, adjective, adverb, proper noun, etc.) You
   can also ask for things like places. Use field ids like noun1, noun2, verb1, etc.
   (4 points)

2. Connect your HTML file to the story_maker.js file. Remember, the script tag
   should be the very last element before the closing body tag.
   (2 points)

3. Make a button with the text "Make Story". The Make Story button should call
   your makeStory() function which gets all of the form data and then builds and
   displays your finished story. Click the button and make sure an alert displaying
   "It works!" appears. Once it does, you can comment out the alert.
   (2 points)

4. Edit the section of the document which gets all form values. Be very careful here.
   Spelling matters and JavaScript is case-sensitive. (At this point, nothing will
   display when you click the button even if this section is correct. Remember, these
   lines are only getting form values and storing them in memory.)
   (4 points)

5. Set title of story. Use at least one form value in the title.
   (2 points)

6. Use the variables storing form data to build your story. I've included lines in
   the template for three paragraphs, but you can add as many paragraphs as you like.
   (4 points)

7. It's finally time to get your story to show. Display story by putting the title
   and paragraphs into appropriate divs by using getElementById and innerHTML. Follow
   examples in the form-processing example. Be sure you're looking closely at the
   relationship between variable names and div names. In order to get credit for This
   section, all values from the form must appear AND you must have proper spacing
   around each word in the story. Pay close attention to the spaces around variables
   in your story.
   (10 points)

8. Your story is free of gramatical and spelling errors.
   (2 points)


If everything works now, you have a 30/30 for this assignment. Do you want some extra
credit?

8. Customize the CSS for your story. Choose fonts and colors that are appropriate
   for the theme of your story.
   (3 points)

9. Have an image show up when the Make Story button is clicked.
   (3 points)
